---
title: Hello again
date: 2022-03-05
type: post
blog: true

prev: '/blog/27-feb-2022.md'
next: false

tags:
    - Personal
    - Crypto
---

Goodmorning, it's been a while since I wrote something. Mostly because not much interesting has really been going on. Still stuck at the same page I was on my original app idea. I'm really struggling
with the interaction design and the flow of editor. As a result the progress on that project has come to a halt.

However to make sure that I am not entirely useless, I have continued work on the design of the student app that I was "commisioned" to do by my previous job. That app has now left the design phase
and has entered the build phase. This is good because I am building the app using Flutter which means I actually get to learn something completely new (I love learning things but only if I have an
incentive to do so). 

One funny thing I have come to realize over the years is that it doesn't matter what you use to build something; according to a fan of techstack B and C you are wrong for using it
and you should use their favorite instead. Not just that but they go OUT OF THEIR WAY to tell you how bad your decision is. To be quite frank I don't understand why people
feel the need to put their nose in someones business that doesn't concern them in any way. It's not like it will change anything? If you feel like someone is about to make a mistake, let them.
Life isn't about celebrating your successes but more about how you deal with your mistakes and failures.

### Crypto update
Pigs are getting slaughtered during the dry season.

~Waro